1)SWF general:<br>
[http://www.adobe.com/devnet/swf/pdf/swf_file_format_spec_v10.pdf] (see pages 26 to 33)<br>
-A swf always starts with a `<Header />` tag <br>
-If the swf contains a `<DefineABC />` tag (ActionscriptByteCode,AS3) a `<FileAttributes/>` tag is mandatory right after the `<Header/>` tag.<br>
-A swf contains at least one `<ShowFrame/>` tag.<br>
-A swf always ends with an `<EndFrame/>` tag.<br>
The most basic swf (a movie with 1 empty frame) looks like:
{{{
<swf>
	<Header/>
	<ShowFrame/>
	<EndFrame/>
</swf>
}}}
The FlashPlayer will start parsing/playing the tags from the top till it reaches the `<EndFrame/>` tag.<br>
When it encounters a `<ShowFrame/>` it renders to screen.<br>
Note that although the `<EndFrame/>` tag is available for use, under normal circumstances you will never need it as it is added automatically by hXswfML.<br>

 
2)hXswfML syntax:<br>
-Element names are not case sensitive. `<fileattributes/>` is equally valid to `<FileAttributes>`<br>
-The attribute names are casesensitive.<br>
-Most tags have some default values set:<br>
Using `<Header/>` will be compiled as `<Header width="800" height="600" fps="30" version="10" compressed="true" frameCount="1" />`<br>
If you only want to change the framerate you would use: `<Header fps="12"/>`<br>
-Some tags have mandatory attributes which must be set. The program will throw an error and tell you what attribute is missing in which tag.<br>

The names of some elements in the hXswfML may seem confusing at some points (DefineSprite defines a MovieClip for example), but they are kept the same as much as possible as in the official swf file specifications, making a lookup for information more easy.<br>
More information about the swf file format and the possible tags can be found here:<br>
 [http://www.adobe.com/devnet/swf/pdf/swf_file_format_spec_v10.pdf]<br>
 [http://www.m2osw.com/en/swf_alexref.html]<br>
 [http://www.the-labs.com/MacromediaFlash/SWF-Spec/SWFfilereference.html#h2SWFFileTags]<br>
 [http://www.half-serious.com/swf/format/index.html]<br>
 [http://www.delphiflash.com/xml-tags-specification.htm#ShowFrame]<br>
 
-Definition tags vs control/displaytags<br>
To define a character or symbol swf you use a definition tag.<br>
Example: <br>
{{{
<DefineShape id="1" width="100" height="100" fillColor="0x000000" /> 
}}}
creates a black 100x100 rectangle.<br>
The id of this tag must be unique in the swf.<br>

To show this rectangle you must place it on the display list with a control/display tag.<br>
Example:<br>
{{{
<PlaceObject id="1" depth="1" />
}}}
-id refers to the definition tag that has set id to 1.<br>
-the depth must be unique in the swf<br>

To render to screen you conclude with a `<ShowFrame/>` tag. <br>
Everything that has been put on or removed from the display up until the next `<ShowFrame/>` will be rendered to screen.<br>

A movie with 1 frame, rendering a black rectangle on screen looks like:<br>
{{{
<swf>
	<Header/>
	<DefineShape id="1" width="100" height="100" fillColor="0x000000" />
	<PlaceObject id="1" depth="1" />
	<ShowFrame/>
	
	<!-- <EndFrame/> inserted automatically by hXswfML -->
</swf>
}}}

Multiframe movies:<br>
To show a black rectangle in frame 1 and a red rectangle in frame 2 you use:<br>
{{{
<swf>
	<Header frameCount="2" />
	<DefineShape id="1" width="100" height="100" fillColor="0x000000" />
	<DefineShape id="2" width="100" height="100" fillColor="0xFF0000" />
	
	<PlaceObject id="1" depth="1" />
	<ShowFrame/>
	
	<RemoveObject depth="1" />
	<PlaceObject id="2" depth="1" />
	<ShowFrame/>
	<!-- <EndFrame/> inserted automatically by hXswfML -->
</swf>
}}}

You can omit the `<RemoveObject/>` tag by using the move attribute in the PlaceObject tag:<br>
{{{
<swf>
	<Header frameCount="2" />
	<DefineShape id="1" width="100" height="100" fillColor="0x000000" />
	<DefineShape id="2" width="100" height="100" fillColor="0xFF0000" />
	
	<PlaceObject id="1" depth="1" />
	<ShowFrame/>
	
	<PlaceObject id="2" depth="1" move="true" />
	<ShowFrame/>
	<!-- <EndFrame/> inserted automatically by hXswfML -->
</swf>
}}}

A more complete explanation of the move attribute can be found in the swf file specs on page 35.<br>
Short summary:<br>
 The move and id attribytes indicate whether a new character is being added to the display list, or a character already on the display list is being modified:<br>
  -move = false and id is present: A new character (id) is placed on the display list at the specified depth. <br>
  -move = true and id is absent: The character at the specified depth is modified. Because any given depth can have only one character, no id is required.<br>
  -move = true and id is present: The character at the specified Depth is removed, and a new character (id) is placed at that depth. <br>
	
MovieClips:<br>
A movieclip can be considered as a 'mini swf'. A limited set of the swf tags can be used inside a movieclip:<br>
Available tags are: `<PlaceObject/>, <RemoveObject/>, <StartSound/>, <FrameLabel/>, <ShowFrame />, <EndFrame />`<br>
Example of a 2 frame movieclip showing a black rectangle in frame 1 and a red rectangle in frame 2:<br>
{{{
<swf>
	<Header/>
	
	<DefineShape id="1" width="100" height="100" fillColor="0x000000" />
	
	<DefineShape id="2" width="100" height="100" fillColor="0xFF0000" />
	
	<DefineSprite id="3" frameCount="2">
		<PlaceObject id="1" depth="1" />
		<ShowFrame/>
		<PlaceObject id="2" depth="1" move="true" />
		<ShowFrame/>
		<!-- <EndFrame/> inserted automatically by hXswfML -->
	</DefineSprite>
	
	<PlaceObject id="3" depth="1" />
	
	<ShowFrame/>
	<!-- <EndFrame/> inserted automatically by hXswfML -->
</swf>
}}}

